Privacy Policy

Last updated: 28/12/2020

Our Application operates  MyApp(“the Application”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.

We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Application. By using the Application, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

Information Collection And Use

While using our Application, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name ("Personal Information").

Log Data

Like many Mobile Application, we collect information of Usages of Application.

This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, Operating System (“OS”) browser type, browser version, the time and date of your usages, the time spent on the Application and other statistics.

In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics and Apple Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze for development, improvement and fixing problems in usages of the Application.


Communications

We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information 


Security

The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Changes To This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is effective as of 28th December 2020 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.

We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.

If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
